Pillow FriBiDi shim and _imagingft source and relink materials

The complete Pillow 12.3.0 source contains the LGPL FriBiDi shim, vendored raqm,
pythoncapi compatibility header, _imagingft and libImaging/Mode.c.
The LGPL 2.1 text and original shim notices accompany this distribution.
The original Pillow producer revision and multibuild revision accompany it.
No libfribidi shared library is bundled. The shim loads a host-provided library.

To build a replacement on native x86_64 Linux, install GCC and use Python 3.12
from the distribution. Extract this SOURCE-OFFERS directory to a writable place.
Locate PYTHON_PREFIX (the directory containing bin/python3.12 and include/), and
PILLOW_LIBS (the installed site-packages/pillow.libs directory). Run:

python3 relink_pillow.py --python-prefix PYTHON_PREFIX --pillow-libs PILLOW_LIBS --archives . --output NEW_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY

To use changed library sources, first extract pillow-12.3.0.tar.gz, make changes,
then add --pillow-source PATH_TO_MODIFIED_PILLOW to the same command. Original
notices must be preserved. The script writes only into a new output directory.
It compiles and explicitly imports that rebuilt module without overwriting the
installed module. The included proof records a successful native compile/import.
This is a usable relink route, not a claim of bit-identical reproduction.

After saving a backup, recipients may replace the installed PIL/_imagingft
module with the output of this command. Keep pillow.libs at its original path
or rebuild with its new path. The command records the library path in rpath.
The linked FreeType and HarfBuzz library binaries are replaceable shared files;
their complete matching sources also accompany these materials.

This component packet provides the linked-module materials. The application
source volume provides the complete surrounding application and CUA source.
Redistribution must retain both volumes; no future publisher source offer is
substituted for actual accompanying source delivery.
